Which deployment types offers the advantages of cloud computing?

Hybrid cloud - dobrze

A hybrid cloud is a combination of public and private clouds.

Private cloud 

Deploying resources on-premises, using virtualization and resource management tools, is sometimes called “private cloud”. On-premises deployment does not provide many of the benefits of cloud computing but is sometimes sought for its ability to provide dedicated resources.

On-premises cloud

Public cloud - dobrze

Public cloud (offered by AWS) provides advantages of cloud computing.




Which service allows you to connect a private cloud to a public cloud?

Route 53

Route 53 is a DNS service that routes users to applications.

CodeDeploy

Direct Connect dobrze

Direct Connect is a dedicated physical network connection from your on-premises data center to AWS.

Server Migration Service (SMS)




Which of the following best describes the ability to scale computing resources out or in easily, while only paying for the resources used?

Fault tolerance

Elasticity dobrze

Elasticity describes the ability to scale computing resources out or in easily, while only paying for the resources used.

Scalability

Scalability provides consistent performance as a system handles growing workload requirements.


High availability





Which of the following does Amazon ensure will happen when paying for AWS on an as-needed basis?

Redirecting focus to innovation and invention dobrze

Amazon provides certain benefits when you pay for services on an as-needed basis for your business, so you can spend more time innovating and inventing. https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws_pricing_overview.pdf


Reducing procurement complexity dobrze 

Amazon provides certain benefits when you pay for services on an as-needed basis for your business. You can spend more time innovating and inventing, which consequently reduces the complexity of procurement. https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws_pricing_overview.pdf


Enabling the full elasticity of business operations dobrze

Amazon provides certain benefits when you pay for services on an as-needed basis for your business. You can spend more time innovating and inventing, which consequently enables your business to be fully elastic. https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws_pricing_overview.pdf

Spending less money in the long term

Organizations do not necessarily spend less money in the long term; however, they are able to spread out costs over time.

Spending more money in the long term











Which of the following are examples of programmatic access?

Application code dobrze

AWS services can be accessed from application code using SDKs and programmatic calls.

Command Line Interface (CLI) dobrze

The CLI allows you to manage AWS services from a terminal session on your machine.


Software Development Kits (SDKs) dobrze 

SDKs allow you to access AWS services from popular programming languages like Java, Python, C#, and many more.


AWS Management Console

The AWS Management Console allows you to access your AWS account and manage applications running in your account from a web browser.
  









You have recently started using AWS and now need to launch a large number of instances in your VPC. You learn that this number exceeds the service limits for instances in a VPC. What can you do?

Upgrade your support plan to increase this service limit.

Use Auto Scaling and the service limit can be exceeded.

Contact AWS and request a service limit increase. dobrze

Use the Limits page in the Amazon EC2 console to request an increase in the limits for resources provided by Amazon EC2 or Amazon VPC on a per-Region basis.

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-resource-limits.html

There is nothing that can be done. Redesign based on a smaller number of instances.

You can request a service limit increase by contacting AWS.







Network patching dobrze 

Network patching is one of AWS's responsibilities, as it is connected to the infrastructure AWS handles.


Disk disposal dobrze

Disk disposal is one of AWS's responsibilities, as it is connected to the infrastructure AWS handles.

User password rules

All passwords are the responsibility of the customer, as they are in charge of their information.


Physically securing compute resources dobrze

AWS is in charge of physically securing compute resources, as it is part of the infrastructure that runs all of the services offered in the AWS cloud.


Configure security groups






How are permissions assigned to an IAM group?

Security group

A security group is a virtual firewall for an EC2 instance.


Collection

Policies dobrze 

Access is assigned using policies and roles.


Roles dobrze

Access is assigned using policies and roles.





You are using your corporate directory to grant your users access to AWS services. What is this called?

Multi-Factor Authentication

User group access

User group access is used to define which resources a user is able to access once they have access, not the method by which they gain that access.


Role-based access

Federated access dobrze

Federated access is when you use an external directory, such as your corporate one, to grant users in that directory access to AWS resources. https://aws.amazon.com/identity/federation/








How would a customer create a virtual firewall for an EC2 instance?

With AWS Shield

With a security group dobrze

Security groups act as virtual firewalls for EC2 instances.

With a web application firewall

A web application firewall (WAF) helps protect your web applications against common web attacks.


With an IAM group






Which following statement is true of newly created security groups with their default rules?

New security groups allow both incoming and outbound traffic.

New security groups block outbound traffic and allow all incoming traffic.

New security groups allow only outbound traffic and block all incoming traffic. dobrze

By default, new security groups start with only an outbound rule to allow all traffic to leave the instances. You must add rules to enable any inbound traffic. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html

New security groups block both incoming and outbound traffic.

By default, new security groups start with only an outbound rule to allow all traffic to leave the instances. You must add rules to enable any inbound traffic.












Which of the following statements are true of Amazon Aurora?

You can use the AWS Management Console, AWS CLI commands, and API operations to handle routine database tasks. dobrze

You can handle routine database tasks on it using either the AWS Management Console, AWS CLI commands, or API operations. Reference: What Is Amazon Aurora?

It can deliver up to three times the throughput of MySQL.

Aurora delivers up to five times the throughput of MySQL, not three times.


It is part of the Amazon DynamoDB service.

It is compatible with the MySQL and PostgreSQL database engines. dobrze 

Amazon Aurora is compatible with MySQL and PostgreSQL. Reference: What Is Amazon Aurora?






ElastiCache is an example of what type of AWS service?

Analytics

Compute

Storage

ElastiCache is not a Storage service.


Database dobrze

ElastiCache is an in-memory cache service used to improve database performance. This means that it saves your most common queries for quicker data retrieval rather than retrieving directly from your database. As a result, it is classified as an AWS Database service. AWS Documentation Amazon ElastiCache







You've been tasked with assessing your AWS infrastructure in terms of cost optimization. Which of the following AWS services would help with this task?

Trusted Advisor dobrze

AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you with real-time guidance to help you provision your resources following AWS best practices. https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/trustedadvisor/

CloudTrail

AWS Personal Health Dashboard

Personal Health Dashboard provides alerts and guidance for AWS events that might affect your resources and applications.


AWS Systems Manager








Which of the following statements are true of Amazon Redshift?

It is used for transactional systems.

Redshift is not recommended for transactional systems.


It stores unstructured data.

It is designed for storing petabytes of data. dobrze 

Amazon Redshift is designed to scale up to petabytes of structured data.

Reference: What Is Amazon Redshift?

It is a data warehouse service. dobrze

Amazon Redshift is AWS’s data warehouse service. 
Reference: What Is Amazon Redshift?







Which of the following statements is true of AWS CloudTrail?

Log files are encrypted dobrze

By default, CloudTrail event log files are encrypted using Amazon S3 server-side encryption. How CloudTrail Works


When you create an AWS account, you will have to manually enable CloudTrail.

CloudTrail is actually enabled automatically when you create an AWS account.


With CloudTrail, you can create a trail that either applies to one Region or to all Regions. dobrze

This is true. You can create a trail that applies to one or all Regions. How CloudTrail Works

CloudTrail delivers log files within 15 minutes of account activity. dobrze

This is true. CloudTrail delivers events within 15 minutes. How CloudTrail Works







Which of the following are AWS Security, Identity, and Compliance services?

AWS Security Hub dobrze 

AWS Security Hub is part of the Security, Identity, and Compliance services. It provides you with a comprehensive view of your security state within AWS and your compliance with security standards and best practices.

AWS Documentation: AWS Security Hub FAQs.

AWS Trusted Advisor

AWS Secrets Manager dobrze 

AWS Secrets Manager is part of the Security, Identity, and Compliance services. It is a secrets management service that helps you protect access to your applications, services, and IT resources.

AWS Documentation: AWS Secrets Manager FAQs.


AWS Key Management Service (KMS) dobrze 

AWS Key Management Service is part of the Security, Identity, and Compliance services. It is a managed service that enables you to easily create and control the keys used for cryptographic operations.

AWS Documentation: AWS Key Management Service FAQs.


AWS Control Tower

AWS Control Tower is part of the Management and Governance services. AWS Control Tower provides a single location to easily set up your new well-architected multi-account environment and govern your AWS workloads with rules for security, operations, and internal compliance.

AWS Documentation: AWS Control Tower FAQs.





























